Week 1
Friday
Formed group. Formed with yuhan, jiajun, anbang, haofu and me. During the lab, we selected to go for e-commerce, specifically in gaming. 
We set up Github and Jira for coding. A group on Teams as well as Feishu was created for official and informal meetings. 
This week, the problem we meeting is the Product determination of the e-commerce recommendation system. 
After many discussions the final decision for the game and periphery
Individual tasks: user story brainstorming
We were to go through the assignment spec sheet to prepare for Tuesday's meeting for proposal writing.

Week 2
Tuesday
A draft version of user case stories was developed that would be used as the base of the Jira backlog. 
We record all the information in the Feishu online DOC platform, and Other members were to further investigate software similar 
to Gaming e-commerce and begin the formation of storyboards. 
We have decided that we will implement the backend app by python with flask. for fronted, we are going to use ReactJS and javascript. 

Friday
Continuation of discussion for the storyboard. Discussions about how sellers and admins were established in the meeting. 
our team is going to establish gaming platforms. 
Each member was to continue with the planning of storyboards for the next meeting. we discussed the platform 

Individual tasks:  technical structure establish and writing,  design and discuss the front-end system and its user' story.

But this week, we have not made a final decision about the novel functions during working days, we submit a discussion result 
and email to the teacher on the weekend.
next week we will focus on completed and submitted proposals in Jira


Week 3
Sprints were reorganized and the setting up of base files is to be made to prepare for our first sprint. Work was carried out to finish the report. 
Current feedback from the lab demonstrator indicated the report was on track. discussed and start to establish the database. 
discussed with members about conflict with the front-end design,  and modify according to the suggestions of all team members
Individual tasks: modification part of user stories with the front-design interface, design the fronted interfaces, restructured user stories, 
and epic stories. writing final proposal document and preparing for submission. 
next week will focus on sprint 1 working (User account front-end and back-end, database establishment)

Week4
we are finishing the sprint1 related details features for both frontend and backend.
 we discussed the backend database structure, user and admin accounr aucthoratuation.
 Individual tasks: modification and design the fronted interfaces, coding with admin frontend feature for admin management.
but we found the connection between frontend and backend has a few error, spent plenty of time to fix it.
next week will focus on sprint 2 working

week5
- planned for admin frontend code and preparation of demo A
    Individual tasks: double check the final version frontend code for demo a, and doing more code and realize more sprint 3 
    features.
- finished database establishment
- Question: Use of flask and arc, solve problems by reviewing the knowledge of comp1531
- next week will focuse on sprint 2 working

week6
- doing more with admin frontend game and perpherals uploading 
    realize photo uploading photo Current
    realize localstorage recorded, and fresh unlog out
question:  huge volume of data about games and peripherals photos, the selction of base64 and url decision
next week will focus on how to collobrate with database storage.

week7
- all most finished all features for the admin game management and peripherals management 
    including games adding, games deleting, and games editing
    realzied when games editing all the infor would not clears, which is esay for admins editing games
next week, I am going to do more further jobs which is included in the sprints 3 Order management

week8
- doing more jobs on order managements and perpare for demo B.
    realized all orders information display
    realized all orders searched result
all most finshed half jobs for sprint 3
next weeking, i will focus on overview pages. and associate with user frontend stuff.

week9
- coding for overview pages.
    relazied showing  overview pages for digital information including (mothly purchurse amount)
    finshed all the user stories for all sprints
    participated in noval functions discussion
    collobrate to fix a few error with data base, fix some bugs for user frontend

week10
    perpare for fianal demo, helo memebers to deal with their bugs
    fix order and cart bugs for frontend and backend
    doing the final report wrinting
    finally finish all parts



